Alright this time we want to step
through setting up viewing a specific
ingredient. And just as a helper, I've got
the IngredientCommand up right now on
the screen. You can see on line 17 I want to edit a
property for a recipeId so we know what
recipeId this belongs to. And
right now I'm just using that ID
properties because I'm going to need
that for hidden variables, hidden
properties on forms and whatnot. So I
know I'm going to need that to preserve
that with the web interaction
but at this time I don't need the fully
qualified object. If that changes that's
something we can definitely refactor but
it's just that single property that I
need off of a recipe. So I'm adding in
one property for that. So let's go ahead
and take a look at the controller test.
So you can see down on line 60, I set up
a test of show ingredient. So what we
want to do is perform a get. You can see
on 69 I'm doing perform of get. I'm going to
go against recipe/id/ingredient/ the ingredientId that I want to
view and show. So I'm going to expect
back a status of okay, a view name of
recipe/ingredients/show and I
want to make sure that I get back an
ingredient. So we're going to bind that
in the controller. So let's go ahead
and run this and we'll verify that is
running properly. And I got a 404 error.
So let's take a quick look at that and I
have not implemented that yet so I'm
going to pause one second and get that
implemented. So you can see I've gone in
and added this in. I have an IngredientService. I'm going to get back the
IngredientCommand object from and add
that to the Model. So just to recap on
line 38, we're going to use the get
request mapping and we're going to map
it to recipe, recipe ID, slash recipe ID
slash ingredient slash the ID of the
ingredient to show. And now let's what
make sure that our unit test runs.
And we ran into an error here. You have
to pass it in the IngredientService. Now
our tests, we run happily. Let's go ahead
and run that test now. So now we have a
passing unit test and that's on the
controller. Let's go take a quick review
that controller again just to recap. You
can see on line 38 to 43 that is the
controller method I added in but now we
added in an implementation of the
ingredient service. So I'm going to jump
over to that so we have a single
interface with a single method there, findRecipeIdAndId, probably should
rename that to something. A little bit
better, find by recipe ID and ingredient
ID would make more sense there. So not
the best naming on my part. Let's go
ahead and refactor that. You
can refactor things in intellij by
coming into this and I'm going to say
ingredient ID and that makes a lot more
sense.
Ingredient ID, recipe ID and ingredient ID. So now that hadn't refactored that
and that's going to do all the
implementations everywhere in the
project so if I come over here to
implementations, we can see that IntelliJ
automatically refactored that method to
make it a little more clean. And
let's step through what's going on and
this. So I'm going to pass in the recipe
ID and the ingredient ID that I get off
the URL from URL parameters. And what I
want to do is go out and get a recipe
from the RecipeRepository by that ID
and you can see there on line 33, I'm
saying if isPresent and we haven't
gotten to exception handling yet. So I'm
putting a stub in there saying hey we if we
don't find that recipe ID, we've got a
problem. We want a turn back
404 because you're asking for something
that doesn't exist.
Right now we're not doing that yet but
we will definitely get to that. So down
on line 38 I get the recipe from the
optional and then on line 40 using Java
streams to search for that ID that was
passed. Okay and by default we are going
to get an Optional from that. So I'm
going in. I'm using converter. I'm using
the map function. So just in case you're
not familiar with Java streams, so I'm saying
recipe there on line 40, get the
ingredients get a stream of that and I'm
going to filter that stream based on
where the ingredient ID equals the ID
value that was passed. And then when I
get one, I'm going to map it. I'm going to
map it over to an IngredientCommand
object and I'm going to say findFirst. Now
again that's going to return back an
Optional. On line 44, I'm going to login
that error from the Optional and then
return a get on that. So we also have
implemented a unit test for this. Let's
take a quick look at that. So we did do
this on a test driven development way
and you can see here I'm saying find the
recipe by ID and should rename this
recipeId. And I'm also saying happy path
there. So I'm going to fill all the
requirements of what this is expecting
so you can see my given block is quite
big as far as just some of the data
stuff that I do and set up. And so now
you can see I built up the ingredient
and the recipe with two ingredients in
it are three ingredients and then I set
up an Optional there on line 65 to
return back. On line 67, I set up the
mock action for the RecipeRepository to
return back the Optional. Now in line 70
I'm going to expect back that an
IngredientCommand and that is my then
action. So I like to keep in my mind
given, when, then and then on line 72, I'm
doing some assertions to that command of
it that came back. So let's go ahead and run
this make sure that he's running.
And we got an error there. So you can see
that the getRecipeId failed. So take a
closer look at that. So for some reason
the getRecipeId did not pass but I did
get the ID. So let's double check our
implementation and there's a problem
with our converter. So you can see there,
I'm adding a one-line change of the
converter because the type of conversion
wasn't happening right. So let's go ahead
and see this run now. So we can see that
test is running. Let's double check, make
sure that all our tests are running
properly. You can see as I'm going
through coding, this following a
test-driven development method, I am
adding in more and more tests and I did
break a couple more things. Let's take a
quick look at that. So now we're getting
an NPE error. So that is important so
let's take a look at this and do.
We'll add in a null check on that one
and I think we had the same error there.
It might be all of them and I think all those were affected by a null point error because
it wasn't checked and see if that recipe
was bad. So let's go ahead and rerun
the test now and see if that did in fact
fix it or not. Now we can see that we are
clean across the board so this is a good
example of why you want to follow test
driven development. I did have an
expected null pointer error there when I
introduced that small change. So let's go
ahead and bring up Spring Boot again and
it will take a quick look at that it's
in the browser and see how it's acting
in the browser. Come on back over to
Chrome, and let's do a refresh on our
ingredients. So you can see that our
order is changing kind of randomly
because we don't have a sort on there so
it's just however it's coming out of the
database. Now we can come up here in view,
so now we can see we did in fact go to
the URL recipe. Number one for recipe
number one, ingredient and ingredient ID 8.
So you can see how that corresponds to
the show functionality and here is
something, it's a place that we can put
in the ability to edit that ingredient
or more detailed information if we were
to add in create and update time
stamps for a more detailed view
of that object. But in this case our
ingredient is pretty simple. So really no
need to over complicate it here but
in the next video we are going to look
at actually updating an existing
ingredient.